- [E06 after 33min](#e06-after-33min)
  - [accord](#accord)
  - [accordance](#accordance)
  - [accordingly](#accordingly)
  - [cord](#cord)
  - [cordial](#cordial)
  - [recorder](#recorder)
  - [credit](#credit)
  - [credential](#credential)
  - [grant](#grant)
  - [caress](#caress)
  - [reckless](#reckless)
  - [cure](#cure)
  - [curious](#curious)
  - [curiosity](#curiosity)
  - [accurate](#accurate)
  - [accuracy](#accuracy)
  - [charity](#charity)
  - [cherish](#cherish)
  - [treasure](#treasure)
  - [caution](#caution)
  - [precaution](#precaution)
  - [cautious](#cautious)
  - [discourage](#discourage)
  - [encourage](#encourage)
  - [enlarge](#enlarge)
  - [largely](#largely)
  - [enrich](#enrich)
- [E07](#e07)
  - [counter](#counter)
  - [encounter](#encounter)
  - [counterpart](#counterpart)
  - [countryside](#countryside)
  - [county](#county)
  - [deputy](#deputy)
  - [dispute](#dispute)
  - [reputation](#reputation)
  - [customary](#customary)
  - [costume](#costume)
  - [idiom](#idiom)
  - [achieve](#achieve)
  - [chief](#chief)
  - [mischief](#mischief)
  - [handkerchief](#handkerchief)
  - [handicap](#handicap)
  - [captitalism](#captitalism)
  - [cattle](#cattle)
  - [captain](#captain)
  - [cabbage](#cabbage)
  - [cape](#cape)
- [E08](#e08)
  - [acid](#acid)
  - [acute](#acute)
  - [edge](#edge)
  - [acrobat](#acrobat)
  - [basement](#basement)
  - [basis](#basis)
  - [well-known](#well-known)
  - [keen](#keen)
  - [notion](#notion)
  - [notable](#notable)
  - [noticeable](#noticeable)
  - [noble](#noble)
  - [notorious](#notorious)
  - [denote](#denote)
  - [narrative](#narrative)
  - [ignorance](#ignorance)
  - [ignorant](#ignorant)
  - [overlook](#overlook)
  - [cognitive](#cognitive)
  - [recognition](#recognition)
  - [diagnose](#diagnose)
  - [qcquaint](#qcquaint)
  - [acquaintance](#acquaintance)
  - [acquire](#acquire)
  - [acquisition](#acquisition)
  - [quest](#quest)
  - [questionnaire](#questionnaire)
  - [quize](#quize)
  - [conquer](#conquer)
  - [conquest](#conquest)

## E06 after 33min
### accord
evidence that did not fully accord with the facts uncovered
### accordance
### accordingly
When we receive your instructions we will act accordingly
### cord
telephone cord
strike a chord
### cordial
a cordial smile/greeting
### recorder
### credit
They decided to buy the car on credit.  
She got no credit for solving th problem.  
It was hard to credit some of the stories we heard about her
The company is credited with inventing the industrial rebot.
### credential
she was asked to show her press credential
### grant
never take other people's help for granted.
### caress
she gave the child a loving caress
### reckless
his attitude was reckless
### cure
there is no known cure to the illness
### curious
### curiosity
curiosity killed the cat.
### accurate
we hope to become more accurate in predicting earthquakes.
### accuracy
### charity
### cherish
I cherish the memories of the time we spent together
### treasure
buried treasure
treasure those memeories of my dad.
### caution
### precaution
take the necessary precautions to avoid sth.
### cautious
### discourage
### encourage
### enlarge
enlarge my vocabulary.
### largely
### enrich
## E07
### counter
counter the risk of violence
run counter to his family's expectations.
### encounter
### counterpart
### countryside
### county
### deputy
acting as deputy while the boss is away
### dispute
few would dispute his status as the artist of the period.
a border dispute
### reputation
### customary
it's customary for a girl to take her mather's name.
### costume
dressed in Halloween costumes.
### idiom
### achieve
i have not achieved very much today
### chief
### mischief
great deal of political mischief
### handkerchief
### handicap
hand in cap  
rescue efforts have been handcapped by rough seas  
a physical handicap  
### captitalism
### cattle
### captain
### cabbage
### cape
the cape of good hope  
superman's cape  
## E08
### acid
### acute
acute headache 
an acute sense of smell 
acute angle 
acute accent 
### edge
he edged towards the car 
### acrobat
### basement
### basis
we judge a worker on the basis of his performance 
### well-known
### keen
a man of keen intellect. 
### notion
vague notion of what she does for a living
### notable
### noticeable
this effect is particularly noticeable in younger patients 
### noble
### notorious
infamous
### denote
a very high temperature often denotes a serious illness 
### narrative
narrate 
narrator 
### ignorance
Ignorance is bliss 
### ignorant
### overlook
overlook one important fact 
overlook the whole London city through the window  
overlook his behaviour
### cognitive
### recognition
### diagnose
### qcquaint
acquaint me with the facts of the case
### acquaintance
### acquire
to acquire true knowledge requires hard work  
### acquisition
### quest
### questionnaire
### quize
### conquer
### conquest
